<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd">
<html><body><p>George: I don't know why I'm here, anymore. /He said, quietly.
Auragongal - Today at 11:54 AM
Aria: Hugs George again tightly, before signing out Don't run away... I know being a leader isn't easy, but... if you ran away, I'd certainly miss you, along with Vigil, our son, and our daughter Virtua.
(Unless something happened to Virtua that I missed out on?)

Digger - Today at 12:03 PM
(She got partially derezzed, mindfucked by Girl Friday as an attempt to escape into the Inter-net)
George: Then run with me...We don't have to live like this. I just can't stand some of the people in town, and how little it seems like anything I do actually...Matters.


Aria: -Signs out- And what about Vigil?

George: ...I know he loves this place...but I know that he barely gets any respect, and that he'd risk his life for even people like Nathan and Ethan who wouldn't sacrifice of themselves for anyone. He's too good for Traverse.
George: ...I just..it's reminding me all too much of why I interfered in the first place..-hugs his knees, on the ground now-

Aria: kneels down and gently rocks her little boyfriend, while trying to comfort him as best as she can.

George: I..did I ever tell you about that?
George: I've forgotten..

Aria: *Shakes head*

George: ...It started when I was pretty young. I was always kind of talented with computers and machines, Mom worked for a mining company and flew all over. Since...it was just me and her, my dad was a travelling salesman she had a one night stand with..I flew with her. I gave up on ever having an actual school life because of how frequently we did so I just was schooled online. I aced a lot of it and just..studied what I thought was interesting. I had a lot of free time so I started creating things to try and solve problems..like water shortages and disaster areas. When I showed them to Mom, she started trying to get them patented..

George: I suddenly had this spotlight on me and a lot of people started trying to 'nurture' me or get me to work for them. It..I didn't know what to do, so I just started doing more to try and bury myself in my work...To feel like I had a purpose. I was so aimless that it was only that and my mom's SNES and NES that honestly kept me going...I had online friends but they weren't on when I was awake most of the time, so a lot of it was just..me, with my work and my thoughts. I felt trapped, the same as here. For years I just was trying to get some kind of recognition. That was honestly the only praise or attention i got..but they put expectations on me..put me on a pedestal..
George: ...I closed myself off out of depression and started working on something I knew was stupid..
George: -He looks away now, he's a bit teared up as he puts his goggles on to hide his eyes..-

Aria: *Hugs George tightly as she signs out* "You saved my life, remember? If you hadn't repaired me when we met, there's no telling what would have happened to me out there in Deep Jungle. You're a good guy, and that's why I fell for you George. I know what it's like to have expectations put on you, while trying to do something you liked. Sure, my mom wanted to push me into show-biz when she saw how talented I was with Ballet, but I just did it not for fame or fortune, but because I wanted to just dance gracefully. I don't put you on a pedestal George. You're just a person to me, and right now? I want you to be happy, but... if you run away, this may end up starting all over again. So... I suggest you show what you're made of and tell people exactly what's on your mind, instead of running away. It doesn't matter what they think of you in the end, only what you think of yourself. Also, a good way to start may be shutting down Nate's shop, and kicking him out of town. Seriously, that guy gives me the creeps."

George: I just..I don't wanna feel like I did that day. I interfered when I...made something that would either digitize or kill me. Either looked like a good option.
George: ..But you're right...I have to put my foot down and step up.

Aria: *Smiles and nods*

George: I have to at least step up and make my feelings clear. /He lies his head on her shoulder, a soft sigh./ I guess I missed having these talks with you too, you know? It's a bit dumb, I guess, but part of me feels like we haven't talked in a while.

Aria: *Pulls back and give George a flat look to remind him that she can't exactly talk. Period.(

George: You know what I mean.

Aria: *Nods, before signing out* Sorry I haven't been around that often to chat. I've been exploring around the worlds, remember?

George: Yeah, I know. It just gets lonely. /hugs his knees a bit/ I miss you a lot, when you go...

Aria: *Signs out* You could come with me sometimes, especially when the stress gets too much for you here in Traverse Town.

George: -a grin as he wraps his arms around her neck and hugs her, a kiss on the cheek- That'd be great. I can even bring the Siegfried armor!</p></body></html>
